c:\users\nori\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6\PocketGeigerType6\bin\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.exe
c:\users\nori\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6\PocketGeigerType6\bin\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.pdb
c:\users\nori\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6\PocketGeigerType6\bin\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.xml
c:\users\nori\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6\PocketGeigerType6\obj\x86\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.Form1.resources
c:\users\nori\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6\PocketGeigerType6\obj\x86\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.Resources.resources
c:\users\nori\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6\PocketGeigerType6\obj\x86\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nori\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6\PocketGeigerType6\obj\x86\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.exe
c:\users\nori\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6\PocketGeigerType6\obj\x86\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.xml
c:\users\nori\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6\PocketGeigerType6\obj\x86\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.pdb
c:\users\nori\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6\PocketGeigerType6\obj\x86\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.Form2.resources
C:\Users\nori\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6\PocketGeigerType6\bin\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.exe.config
C:\Users\nori\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6 for win\PocketGeigerType6\bin\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.exe.config
C:\Users\nori\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6 for win\PocketGeigerType6\obj\x86\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.exe
C:\Users\nori\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6 for win\PocketGeigerType6\obj\x86\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.xml
C:\Users\nori\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6 for win\PocketGeigerType6\obj\x86\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.pdb
C:\Users\nori\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6 for win\PocketGeigerType6\bin\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.exe
C:\Users\nori\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6 for win\PocketGeigerType6\bin\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.pdb
C:\Users\nori\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6 for win\PocketGeigerType6\bin\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.xml
C:\Users\nori\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6 for win\PocketGeigerType6\obj\x86\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.Form1.resources
C:\Users\nori\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6 for win\PocketGeigerType6\obj\x86\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.Form2.resources
C:\Users\nori\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6 for win\PocketGeigerType6\obj\x86\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.Resources.resources
C:\Users\nori\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PocketGeigerType6 for win\PocketGeigerType6\obj\x86\Debug\PocketGeigerType6.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
